What was I going to say before reaction?
I think I want a relationship, not necessarily with Josephine but just in general. I miss the level of intimacy and the ability to make someone happy in an unparalleled way. Do I think a relationship even necessarily fits with my life right now? No I honestly don't want to be tied down I want to be able to go wherever and meet whoever. I'm not particularly into sleeping around or being super whorelike, but I do love the feeling of meeting new people. It would certainly be easier for my life to not be in a relationship and I doubt I could make a relationship last more than a year with my life's current volatility. However there is certainly something I've loved about imagining myself in a relationship with Josephine. The thought of doing things to make her happy makes me very excited and deeply satisfied. The thought of not being directly betrayed for my kindness and being rewarded with happiness is so immense. There is this intimacy wall that honestly being with Josephine has just made me come to terms with. I thought for a long time that I wanted a relationship for more sexual reasons, but that is just entirely untrue. I want a relationship for the level of intimacy. IDK I just have always liked the idea of protecting someone no matter the cost, and I think I crave relationships to be more fulfilled. But, relationships don't exactly motivate me. In a relationship I care directly about helping the person being with the person and cheaper satisfaction I don't care about making my ideas real or making my ambitions happen. Honestly it kind of is the classic balancing act. But regardless even if I'm not in a relationship with Josephine I'm exhibiting the same characteristics where I want to make her happy and I care about her in addition to my typical cares. But even when I wasn't in a relationship I cared about finding someone. It isn't exactly a splitting battle there is some split when one side is overwhelming, but overall its more like I have a side that cares for my romantic life or friend life or deep human satisfaction, and another side that cares for deep ambition to make something happen. And neither side hurts the other they honestly often help each other. So in an ideal world I do think that I would want to date josephine. She isn't exactly my type, but I exhibit the characteristics of liking her and I enjoy my time around her an incredible amount. Now what if I couldn't ever date Josephine, then eventually I would move on, even if we did our current thing. I could not be satisfied with being so close to someone and never dating mostly because I'd never be able to get super close to someone else. And honestly I would treat it like dating Josephine just more of a case where we both are trying to make each other extremely happy. I think as I've said before we've also entered a dangerous realm where I actually am almost most happy when I'm making her happy, so there no longer is any way that it can be an all taking relationship because inherently to make me happiest I'd have to give. A piece of me would miss the sex, but honestly I could get over it and I shouldn't say that I'd miss the sex in a text because while partially true it's more of just a ploy to stay close. But on the other hand in this scenario I mostly just stop hanging out with Josephine. I don't foresee a situation where I leave the super close relationship that we've established and become just friends. I care too much about her and would just feel too constantly tempted to hug her/kiss her/fuck her/love her. Honestly the temptation being nearby could perhaps ruin me more than being casual fuck buddies. I think also over the last week I let some of my barriers down more so. I treated our friendship more like a relationship and found that I enjoyed it even more. In the previous week to last week I treated it more like a friendship where we had sex where I just held a piece of myself back. Which honestly felt really weird I liked significantly more not holding myself back but obviously then I became more entangled.
So in response to the text?
Josephine is attempting to bail me out. I said a long time ago that I would let her know if I needed space, but now we've gone too deep to say. It would hurt me to say that I needed space to not be emotionally tied to her. 

But I think we should dial back the intimacy. I get the feeling that you want this to become a relationship/your looking for a relationship, and I don't want that with you right now. I think maybe I've gone too far and it's getting complicated. I definitely still want to see you often, but a bit more platonically. Would that be okay with you?
It's interesting because I don't think I should want a relationship right now. I honestly feel like my life is too volatile to justify it. But despite me thinking that I still have certainly caved to intimacy. I think I've craved being intimate and sweet for too long. I've started actually being incredibly happy to make you happy which I feel like is just oh so dangerous. I think I'm significantly more at fault than you for letting it go this far, but that's less important. I'd be willing to try hanging out more platonically, but I'm concerned that it could actually harm the situation. 

I think if we hang out more platonically I might just start craving more because I know it happened. 

So what would actually happen if we decided to abandon intimacy and just hang out platonically?
First we would hang out less. Second whenever we hugged I would immediately think of over things and want closeness. Third I would be hugely more awkward. Fourth I would stop caring so much about things about her particularly if I found anyone else. Fifth I think I'd just stop hanging out with her.